# Open Networking Foundation

## Individual Contributor License Agreement (“Agreement”)

Thank you for your interest in Open Networking Foundation (“ONF”). In order to
clarify the intellectual property license granted with Contributions from any
person or entity, each Contributor must agree to the terms of a Contributor
License Agreement (“CLA”). This license is for your protection as a Contributor
as well as the protection of ONF and its users; it does not change your rights
to use your own Contributions for any other purpose. You accept and agree to the
following terms and conditions for Your present and future Contributions
submitted to ONF. Except for the license granted herein to ONF and recipients of
the Work (as defined below) distributed by ONF, You reserve all right, title,
and interest in and to Your Contributions.

1. Definitions. “You” (or “Your”) shall mean the copyright owner or legal entity
authorized by the copyright owner that is making this Agreement with ONF. For
legal entities, the entity making a Contribution and all other entities that
control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that entity are
considered to be a single “Contributor.” For the purposes of this definition,
“control” means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or
management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership
of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial
ownership of such entity. “Contribution” shall mean the code, documentation, use
cases, or other works of authorship, including any modifications or additions to
an existing work, that are intentionally submitted by You to ONF for inclusion
in, or documentation of, any open source software projects established, owned,
or managed by ONF (the “Work”). For the purposes of this definition, “submitted”
means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to ONF or
its representatives, including but not limited to communication on electronic
mailing lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking systems that are
managed by, or on behalf of, ONF for the purpose of discussing and improving the
Work, but excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise
designated in writing by You as “Not a Contribution.”

2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, You hereby grant to ONF and to recipients of software distributed by
ONF a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display,
publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute Your Contributions and such
derivative works.

3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, You hereby grant to ONF and to recipients of software distributed by
ONF a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
(except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made, use, offer
to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work, where such license
applies only to those patent claims licensable by You that are necessarily
infringed by Your Contribution(s) alone or by combination of Your
Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) were submitted. If
any entity institutes patent litigation against You or any other entity
(including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that Your
Contribution, or the Work to which You have contributed, constitutes direct or
contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses granted to that
entity under this Agreement for that Contribution or Work shall terminate as of
the date such litigation is filed.

4. Right to Grant Licenses. You represent that You are legally entitled to grant
the above licenses. If your employer(s) has (have) rights to intellectual
property that you create that includes your Contributions, you represent that
you have received permission to make Contributions on behalf of that employer,
that your employer has waived such rights for your Contributions to ONF, or that
your employer has executed a separate Institutional CLA with ONF.

5. Original Creation. You represent that each of Your Contributions is Your
original creation (see section 7 for submissions on behalf of others). You
represent that Your Contribution submissions include complete details of any
third-party license or other restriction (including, but not limited to, related
patents and trademarks) of which you are personally aware and which are
associated with any part of Your Contributions.

6. Support; Warranty Disclaimer. You are not expected to provide support for
Your Contributions, except to the extent You desire to provide support. You may
provide support for free, for a fee, or not at all. Unless required by
applicable law or agreed to in writing, You provide Your Contributions on an “AS
IS” BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE,
NON- INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

7. Contributions That Are Not Your Original Creation. Should You wish to submit
work that is not Your original creation, You may submit it to ONF separately
from any Contribution, identifying the complete details of its source and of any
license or other restriction (including, but not limited to, related patents,
trademarks, and license agreements) of which you are personally aware, and
conspicuously marking the work as “Submitted on behalf of a third- party:
&#91;named here&#93;”.

8. Required Notifications. You agree to notify ONF of any facts or circumstances
of which you become aware that would make these representations inaccurate in
any respect.
